ISPMan
======

ISPMan is an ISP management system designed to meet the needs of the ever
growing infrastructure that an ISP has to manage.  It was originally written to
manage DNS, Web Virtual hosts and Mail accounts at large ISPs.  Since then it
has moved to a modular structure with help from ispman-developers.


ISPMan now supports the following features:
    - Centralized user and email management via LDAP
    - Primary DNS management (some secondary and replica support)
    - Virtual web hosting management 
    - Customer managed domains and virtual hosts
    - Client/Reseller login support
    - Multiple tiered architecture
    - GUI and command line interfaces

ISPMan is built of four main components:
    - LDAP directory and schema
    - ISPMan administrator's web interface
    - ISPMan customer control panel 
    - ISPMan-agent

The LDAP schema defines a structure that facilitates management of hundreds or
thousands of domains and as many users within each.  Unlike SQL relational
databases, LDAP is a heirarchical database.  This means it stores data in a
tree like structure, as opposed to many flat tables.  Each have their
advantages, but for user accounts within domains, the tree structure makes
sense.

The administrator's web interface allows one to create or delete domains,
users, dns zones, virtual hosts and other settings.  All operations are put on
a dispatch list for another module to take care of.

The customer control panel is a simplified version of the administrator's web
interface.  It is restricted to managing only their domain.  It is designed for
the customer and is similar to customer control panels of other ISPs using
commercial software.

Finally, the ispman-agent is the real work horse.  The agents running on each
server in the group track the dispatch list in the ldap tree.  When a new job
is created via the admin or customer web interfaces, they go to work.  If the
job is for the web server groups, say, the agent will modify the virtual host
listings as specified.  The agent is the same software on each machine that can
do various functions.  Like cron, it sits idle when there is no work to do.

Read through INSTALL to learn how to setup each of these components.
